Cloud changelog - Aug 10th release (#6554)
mattermost/docs: source/install/cloud-changelog.md

Latest Mattermost Cloud releases:

- [Release 2023-08-10](#release-2023-08-10)
- [Release 2023-08-03](#release-2023-08-03)
- [Release 2023-07-26](#release-2023-07-26)
- [Release 2023-07-20](#release-2023-07-20)
- [Release 2023-07-19](#release-2023-07-19)
- [Release 2023-07-11](#release-2023-07-11)

## Release 2023-08-10

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - The number of channel members is now shown in the **Browse channels** modal.
 - Updated the minimum required Edge version to 112+.
 - An error is now displayed if a post edit history fails to load.
 - Removed the deprecated Insights feature.
 - Prepackaged Calls plugin version 0.18.0.
 - Pre-packaged Playbooks version 1.38.0.

### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue with missing zoneinfo in the Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with missing time zone metadata in the Docker container.
```

 - Fixed the error returned by ``PUT /api/v4/channels/{channelid}`` when the provided name already existed in the team.
 - Fixed the clickable area of post textboxes being too small.
 - Fixed a UI bug in the bot profile popover.
 - Fixed an issue with the ``registerMessageWillBeUpdatedHook`` plugin hook.
 - Fixed an issue where the **Saved Posts** section would not show channel and team names.

### Known Issues
 - Boards public links that follow the URL schema `/boards/public/...` no longer work. They can either be regenerated through the application by going to the board and selecting the **Share** button at the top right, or they can be obtained by replacing the `/boards/public/` part of the URL with `/plugins/focalboard/`.

>  - The Playbooks left-hand sidebar does not update when a user is added to a run or playbook without a refresh.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should drop this? It's not likely we'll be fixing this issue anytime soon, especially with other known issues that we don't currently list here.
